0.69
- Add interface returning drive capabilityes (cdio_get_drive_cap).
- Minimal cdrdao image reading
- Some important (I think) bug fixes
- Redo types of lsn and lba to allow negative values. Should model MMC3
  specs. Add max/min values for lsn.
- More complete MMC command set
- FreeBSD drive reading works better (thanks to Heiner)
- cd-read allows dumping bytes to stdout and hexdumps to a file
  via options --no-hexdump and --hexdump

0.68
- More honest about mode1 reading in backends. Remove some of the bogusness.
- Fixes and simplifications to Solaris (from Ian MacIntosh): no longer
  requires root access on Sunray environmentsa
- Win32 ioctl works now on win2k and XP (and probably NT and ME) 
- compiles on cygwin with -mno-cygwin (needed for videolan's vlc)
- option --with-versioned-libs now checks for GNU ld.

0.67
-  portability for ARM
- add iso-read program and regression tests
- libiso9960: stat routines that match level 1 ISO-9600 filenames
  translating them into Unix-style names (i.e. lowercase letters, 
  with version numbers dropped.)
- expand/improve documentation.
- more graceful exits when there is no CD or can't read it.
- add --without-versioned-libs 
- add README.libcdio and note possible problems on different OSs
  without GNU make

0.66
-  Add interface for reading an ISO-9660 image
-  portability fixes (Solaris, cygwin)
-  Microsoft Windows ASPI/ DeviceIoControl code reorganization
-  NRG image reading improvements 
-  Remove memory leaks
-  library symbol versioning (from Nicolas Boullis)
-  Go over documentation

0.65
-  tag headers to give doxygen API documentation
-  cd-info/cd-read now can specify library level of output
-  sample program using libiso9660 added.

0.64
-  add routines to return a list of devices or scan a list of devices
   which satisfy any/all things in a capability mask. Should be useful
   for plugins that want to find a CD-DA to play or find a plugin that handles
   a particular device. 
-  cd-read: new program to help diagnose reading problems.
-  cd-info: now displays date on iso9660 listing and translates filename 
   to normal conventions, gives track "green" info
-  Add/expose routines to get/set time. time is reported back in entry
   stat. Routines to create ISO-9660 directories and entries must now
   supply the time to set on the entry.
-  Darwin and FreeBSD drivers closer to having native CD support, MinGW
   fixes (but not complete either)
-  BSDI fixes
-  Document more functions.

0.63
-  create libiso9660 library and install that.
-  More sample programs.
-  add library routine cdio_guess_cd_type to analyze/guess what type of 
   CD or CD image we've got.
-  cd-info can list the files of a ISO-9660 filesystem via libiso9660 
   with option --iso9660

0.62
-  Some minimal documentation. More will follow.
-  Add a simple sample programs.
-  Add a simple regression test driver.
-  "Smart" open was scanning devices rather than devices + image drivers.

0.61
-   Cygwin/MinGW port.
-   get-default-device reworked to be smarter about finding devices.
-   cd-info: add --no-headers. version ID is from package now. Show default
            device on "--version" output.
-   API: add routine report if string refers to a device or not
-   Make use of features in libcddb 0.9.4.
0.6
-   Bug: eject wouldn't.
-   If given .bin find corresponding .cue. If no cue, complain.
0.5
-  Add RPM spec file. Thanks to Manfred Tremmel <Manfred.Tremmel@iiv.de>
-  cdinfo renamed to cd-info to avoid conflicts with other existing programs
-  bug in ejecting CD's fixed
-  find cue file if given bin. 
-  cd-info: If libvcdinfo is installed show general Video CD properties   
0.4
-  More regression tests. 
-  Use pkg-config(1) support
-  NRG may be closer to being correct.
0.3 
-  reduced overall size of package. Some regression moved to a separate (large)
   package.
-  facilitate inclusion into another project's local source tree (e.g. xine)
-  version number in include
-  cdinfo: lists number of CDDB matches, display error message on failure,
   and can set CDDB port and http proxy
-  Bug: Narrow drivers to devices when source is a device.
-  fix some small compile warnings and configure bugs. Require libcddb 0.9.0 
   or greater.

0.2 
-  Added Support for reading audio sectors
-  cdinfo can use libcddb (http://libcddb.sourceforge.net). If installed and
   we have a CD-DA disk, we dump out CDDB information. 
-  Regression tests added. 
-  Don't need to open device to give get a default device.
-  Better device driver selection: We test for file/device-ness. 
-  Bugs fixed (default device name on linux), 

0.1
  Routines split off from VCDImager.

$Id: NEWS,v 1.41 2004/05/26 01:40:47 rocky Exp $
